♯テキスト１

TOKYO -- On a late October weekday in the resort village of Karuizawa in the central Japan prefecture of Nagano, six men and women gathered around a wood-burning stove in a luxurious home, engaging in lighthearted conversation.

"When you're having a meeting on Zoom, sometimes you get the chirping of birds in the background, and get reactions from others, don't you?"

"Right, like when you're working on the terrace."

The six are from various backgrounds -- a company manager, an advertising agency employee, a university professor -- and have residences or holiday homes in Karuizawa. Their conversation gets going when they focus on things they have in common in their day-to-day lives since moving to the town.

"If you spend one hour commuting, it means you'll spend years in a train (over the course of your life). Here your home and work are adjacent, so your work is part of your daily life. It not a competitive situation where it's either work or life. In a city, you might have crowds, but you can still be lonely," one of the six remarks.

Tomoya Shiraishi, the 57-year-old president of an investment company, bought a property in Karuizawa this summer as a place to settle down in the future. He has previously lived in Silicon Valley in the United States, as well as in Singapore and Tokyo. After the outbreak of the novel coronavirus, he has split his time between Karuizawa and the capital -- "about 80% here and 20% in Tokyo," he says.

"As long as I can establish a relationship with my clients, I can talk with them online regardless of the time and place. It has hardly any effect on my work. I should have come here sooner," Shiraishi says. The others in the group nod in agreement.

Referring to the upscale Azabu district of Tokyo's Minato Ward, owners of prime properties in Karuizawa say that the area has become a "Kita-Azabu," or "northern Azabu," of sorts. Located about 130 kilometers away from the heart of Tokyo, a community resembling that of Tokyo's Nishi-Azabu district, where high-income earners gather, is spreading its roots.

As a representative resort area, Karuizawa has been beloved as a place for social exchange, with industrialist Eiichi Shibusawa of the Meiji era (1868-1912) among the managers who came to the area. In recent years it has drawn people who are tired of life in the city and want to settle there, surrounded by nature. While Nagano Prefecture's population is decreasing, in general the population and number of households in the Karuizawa area are slowly increasing.

The coronavirus pandemic has sped up the flow toward a "new normal" lifestyle with the spread of telework and other changes. Real estate prices in popular areas in Karuizawa have surged, and there are two-month waits to get optic fiber communications connections set up. This "corona bubble," in the words of a town tourism official, has spread to neighboring local bodies, too.

Looking at monthly population movement statistics for Nagano Prefecture, it is evident that more than 1,000 people moved to Karuizawa and the neighboring town of Miyota from outside the prefecture between April and September this year. Including people like Shiraishi who choose not to transfer their resident registers to Karuizawa but retain a base in another area, the actual number of people who have "moved" to the area is even higher.

Kanichi Suzuki, a specially appointed professor at Shinshu University in Nagano Prefecture, who serves as a director of a general incorporated association and is also partially based in Tokyo, says that since the outbreak of COVID-19, interest in "evacuating" from urban areas has been high. He adds, "Interest in moving that had been heightened as a result of work style reform is actually materializing as a result of the coronavirus. Even after the infections are brought under control, this major trend won't change." 






textout1.txt //結果

TOKYO    On a late October weekday in the resort village of Karuizawa in the central Japan prefecture of Nagano  six men and women gathered around a wood burning stove in a luxurious home  engaging in lighthearted conversation    When you re having a meeting on Zoom  sometimes you get the chirping of birds in the background  and get reactions from others  don t you     Right  like when you re working on the terrace    The six are from various backgrounds    a company manager  an advertising agency employee  a university professor    and have residences or holiday homes in Karuizawa  Their conversation gets going when they focus on things they have in common in their day to day lives since moving to the town    If you spend one hour commuting  it means you ll spend years in a train  over the course of your life   Here your home and work are adjacent  so your work is part of your daily life  It not a competitive situation where it s either work or life  In a city  you might have crowds  but you can still be lonely   one of the six remarks   Tomoya Shiraishi  the    year old president of an investment company  bought a property in Karuizawa this summer as a place to settle down in the future  He has previously lived in Silicon Valley in the United States  as well as in Singapore and Tokyo  After the outbreak of the novel coronavirus  he has split his time between Karuizawa and the capital     about     here and     in Tokyo   he says    As long as I can establish a relationship with my clients  I can talk with them online regardless of the time and place  It has hardly any effect on my work  I should have come here sooner   Shiraishi says  The others in the group nod in agreement   Referring to the upscale Azabu district of Tokyo s Minato Ward  owners of prime properties in Karuizawa say that the area has become a  Kita Azabu   or  northern Azabu   of sorts  Located about     kilometers away from the heart of Tokyo  a community resembling that of Tokyo s Nishi Azabu district  where high income earners gather  is spreading its roots   As a representative resort area  Karuizawa has been beloved as a place for social exchange  with industrialist Eiichi Shibusawa of the Meiji era             among the managers who came to the area  In recent years it has drawn people who are tired of life in the city and want to settle there  surrounded by nature  While Nagano Prefecture s population is decreasing  in general the population and number of households in the Karuizawa area are slowly increasing   The coronavirus pandemic has sped up the flow toward a  new normal  lifestyle with the spread of telework and other changes  Real estate prices in popular areas in Karuizawa have surged  and there are two month waits to get optic fiber communications connections set up  This  corona bubble   in the words of a town tourism official  has spread to neighboring local bodies  too   Looking at monthly population movement statistics for Nagano Prefecture  it is evident that more than       people moved to Karuizawa and the neighboring town of Miyota from outside the prefecture between April and September this year  Including people like Shiraishi who choose not to transfer their resident registers to Karuizawa but retain a base in another area  the actual number of people who have  moved  to the area is even higher   Kanichi Suzuki  a specially appointed professor at Shinshu University in Nagano Prefecture  who serves as a director of a general incorporated association and is also partially based in Tokyo  says that since the outbreak of COVID     interest in  evacuating  from urban areas has been high  He adds   Interest in moving that had been heightened as a result of work style reform is actually materializing as a result of the coronavirus  Even after the infections are brought under control  this major trend won t change   



----------------------
♯テキスト２

The Mainichi Shimbun answers some common questions readers may have about taking a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test for the coronavirus at their own expense and how much it costs.

Question: How do you receive a PCR test for COVID-19 privately?

Answer: There are two main ways a person can get tested for the coronavirus. If a doctor decides that an individual who was at a cluster infection site or who has symptoms such as a fever needs to get tested, they can receive an administrative test at public expense based on the infectious diseases control law. Meanwhile, medical institutions and test kit manufacturers provide an opportunity for people to get tested, but they will have to pay for it out of their own pocket.

Q: How much does it cost to get tested at your own expense?

A: On average, it costs around 20,000 to 40,000 yen (about $192 to $383) to get checked at a medical institution, according to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare. If a person directly applies to a test kit company, it costs anywhere between 2,000 ($19.17) and 20,000 yen (about $192).

Q Why do some people want to get tested even though it's that expensive?

A: A business person who travels abroad may for example be required to submit a certificate of a negative test result at their destination. There is also demand from people who want to avoid spreading infections on occasions where people come together, such as weddings or gatherings with relatives, by getting tested before the event.

Q: Should we feel assured if we test negative?

A: Not always. The accuracy of PCR tests varies depending on the manufacturer, and even a person who has tested negative has a risk of becoming infected later on. A person who applied with a kit manufacturer and tested positive after paying for a test does not have to submit their results to a public health center, meaning that there is a danger that the local government cannot accurately know the infection situation. The health ministry is calling on people to consult a public health center or visit a medical institution if they test positive. 


結果
The Mainichi Shimbun answers some common questions readers may have about taking a polymerase chain reaction  PCR  test for the coronavirus at their own expense and how much it costs   Question  How do you receive a PCR test for COVID    privately   Answer  There are two main ways a person can get tested for the coronavirus  If a doctor decides that an individual who was at a cluster infection site or who has symptoms such as a fever needs to get tested  they can receive an administrative test at public expense based on the infectious diseases control law  Meanwhile  medical institutions and test kit manufacturers provide an opportunity for people to get tested  but they will have to pay for it out of their own pocket   Q  How much does it cost to get tested at your own expense   A  On average  it costs around        to        yen  about      to       to get checked at a medical institution  according to the Ministry of Health  Labor and Welfare  If a person directly applies to a test kit company  it costs anywhere between                and        yen  about         Q Why do some people want to get tested even though it s that expensive   A  A business person who travels abroad may for example be required to submit a certificate of a negative test result at their destination  There is also demand from people who want to avoid spreading infections on occasions where people come together  such as weddings or gatherings with relatives  by getting tested before the event   Q  Should we feel assured if we test negative   A  Not always  The accuracy of PCR tests varies depending on the manufacturer  and even a person who has tested negative has a risk of becoming infected later on  A person who applied with a kit manufacturer and tested positive after paying for a test does not have to submit their results to a public health center  meaning that there is a danger that the local government cannot accurately know the infection situation  The health ministry is calling on people to consult a public health center or visit a medical institution if they test positive  



--------------------------------------------------
♯テキスト3
TOKYO (AP) -- A Japanese spacecraft is nearing Earth after a yearlong journey home from a distant asteroid with soil samples and data that could provide clues to the origins of the solar system, a space agency official said Friday.

The Hayabusa2 spacecraft left the asteroid Ryugu, about 300 million kilometers (180 million miles) from Earth, a year ago and is expected to reach Earth and drop a capsule containing the precious samples in southern Australia on Dec. 6.

Scientists at the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency believe the samples, especially those taken from under the asteroid's surface, contain valuable data unaffected by space radiation and other environmental factors.

Makoto Yoshikawa, a Hayabusa2 project mission manager, said scientists are especially interested in analyzing organic materials in the Ryugu soil samples.

"Organic materials are origins of life on Earth, but we still don(asterisk)t know where they came from," Yoshikawa said. "We are hoping to find clues to the origin of life on Earth by analyzing details of the organic materials brought back by Hayabusa2."

JAXA, the space agency, plans to drop the capsule containing the samples onto a remote, sparsely populated area in Australia from 220,000 kilometers (136,700 miles) away in space, a big challenge requiring precision control. The capsule, protected by a heat shield, will turn into a fireball during re-entry in the atmosphere at 200 kilometers (125 miles) above ground. At about 10 kilometers (6 miles) above ground, a parachute will open to prepare for landing, and beacon signals will be transmitted to indicate its location.

JAXA staff have set up satellite dishes at several locations in the target area to catch the signals, while also preparing marine radar, drones and helicopters to assist in the search and retrieval mission.

Without those measures, a search for the pan-shaped capsule with a diameter of 40 centimeters (15 inches) "would be an extremely difficult," Yoshikawa told reporters.

For Hayabusa2, it's not the end of the mission it started in 2014. After dropping the capsule, it will return to space and head to another distant small asteroid called 1998KY26 on a journey slated to take 10 years.

Hayabusa2 touched down on Ryugu twice, despite its extremely rocky surface, and successfully collected data and samples during the 1 1/2 years after it arrived there in June 2018.

In the first touchdown in February 2019, it collected surface dust samples. In July, it collected underground samples from the asteroid for the first time in space history after landing in a crater that it had earlier created by blasting the asteroid's surface.

Scientists said there are traces of carbon and organic matter in the asteroid soil samples. JAXA hopes to find clues to how the materials are distributed in the solar system and are related to life on Earth.

Asteroids, which orbit the sun but are much smaller than planets, are among the oldest objects in the solar system and therefore may help explain how Earth evolved.

It took the spacecraft 3 1/3 years to arrive at Ryugu, but the journey home was much shorter because of the current locations of Ryugu and Earth.

Ryugu in Japanese means "Dragon Palace," the name of a sea-bottom castle in a Japanese folk tale. 


結果
TOKYO  AP     A Japanese spacecraft is nearing Earth after a yearlong journey home from a distant asteroid with soil samples and data that could provide clues to the origins of the solar system  a space agency official said Friday   The Hayabusa  spacecraft left the asteroid Ryugu  about     million kilometers      million miles  from Earth  a year ago and is expected to reach Earth and drop a capsule containing the precious samples in southern Australia on Dec      Scientists at the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency believe the samples  especially those taken from under the asteroid s surface  contain valuable data unaffected by space radiation and other environmental factors   Makoto Yoshikawa  a Hayabusa  project mission manager  said scientists are especially interested in analyzing organic materials in the Ryugu soil samples    Organic materials are origins of life on Earth  but we still don asterisk t know where they came from   Yoshikawa said   We are hoping to find clues to the origin of life on Earth by analyzing details of the organic materials brought back by Hayabusa     JAXA  the space agency  plans to drop the capsule containing the samples onto a remote  sparsely populated area in Australia from         kilometers          miles  away in space  a big challenge requiring precision control  The capsule  protected by a heat shield  will turn into a fireball during re entry in the atmosphere at     kilometers      miles  above ground  At about    kilometers    miles  above ground  a parachute will open to prepare for landing  and beacon signals will be transmitted to indicate its location   JAXA staff have set up satellite dishes at several locations in the target area to catch the signals  while also preparing marine radar  drones and helicopters to assist in the search and retrieval mission   Without those measures  a search for the pan shaped capsule with a diameter of    centimeters     inches   would be an extremely difficult   Yoshikawa told reporters   For Hayabusa   it s not the end of the mission it started in       After dropping the capsule  it will return to space and head to another distant small asteroid called     KY   on a journey slated to take    years   Hayabusa  touched down on Ryugu twice  despite its extremely rocky surface  and successfully collected data and samples during the       years after it arrived there in June        In the first touchdown in February       it collected surface dust samples  In July  it collected underground samples from the asteroid for the first time in space history after landing in a crater that it had earlier created by blasting the asteroid s surface   Scientists said there are traces of carbon and organic matter in the asteroid soil samples  JAXA hopes to find clues to how the materials are distributed in the solar system and are related to life on Earth   Asteroids  which orbit the sun but are much smaller than planets  are among the oldest objects in the solar system and therefore may help explain how Earth evolved   It took the spacecraft       years to arrive at Ryugu  but the journey home was much shorter because of the current locations of Ryugu and Earth   Ryugu in Japanese means  Dragon Palace   the name of a sea bottom castle in a Japanese folk tale  
